Domino's Starter Level, a pretty face by John
S. Scott, read by Jennifer J. Myers.
Copyright Oxford University Press 2003
Chapter 1 Zoe is angry Zoe is 17
years old. She works in a bookstore in the little town
of Newport. Zoe likes books, and she likes
her work, but after work she likes to act
in plays with the Newport players. The Newport
players do six plays every year, and Zoe is
in most of them. Some plays are exciting,
and some plays are famous. This week the play is Romeo
and Juliet by William Shakespeare. A lot of
people are coming to see it, Zoe thinks.
I must act
well. Mike is 18 years old. He is
a student at Newport College, and he likes
writing. One day he
wants to write plays for the theatre and
for television. One day I want to be famous, he thinks.
Newport has a newspaper. The Newport Weekly News
is its name, and Mike's Aunt Peggy is the editor.
One morning she phones Mike. Do you want
to write a review of Romeo and Juliet
for the newspaper Mike?
She asks him. The Newport players are doing
the play tonight at the little theatre.
Yes, please Aunt Peggy. Mike says, thanks for
asking me. That evening he goes to Newport's
little theatre to see the play.
Mike goes into the theatre and sits at
the front. He gets out his notebook and
pen, ready to write notes for his review.
There are a lot of people in the
audience. Five minutes later the play begins. Zoe
acts the part of Juliet's mother.
She knows all her words and speaks them
well. Mike is watching her. She's very pretty
and she's doing her best, he thinks.
But it's not easy to act the part
of an older woman. She's only 16 or
17 years old and we all know it.
He begins to write in his notebook. Two
hours later the play ends and the audience
leaves the theatre.
Mike goes home and writes his review for
the newspaper. He doesn't feel very happy.
It was a good play, but what can
I say about the girl acting the part
of Juliet's mother, he thinks.
I want to be kind, but I must
be honest too.
At the bookstore on Friday, Zoe reads Mike's
review of the play in the Newport Weekly News.
And Zoe Baker acts the part of Juliet's
mother. She has a pretty face and she
speaks her words well.
But she is a young girl in an
older woman's costume and we all know it.
She can never make me believe differently.
Zoe is angry. She looks at the name
under the review. Mike Morrison.
Who is this Mike Morrison? She thinks. What
does he know about acting?
Chapter Two. Zoe has an idea.
On Tuesday evening, the next week, Zoe and
her friend Annie are drinking coffee in the
Newport Cafe.
Annie is a student at Newport College and
sometimes in the evenings she and Zoe meet at the cafe.
Suddenly, Zoe sees a boy sitting at a
table across the room.
Who's that boy? She asks Annie. Annie laughs.
Do you like him? He has a nice
face, she says. His name's Mike. I often
see him at the college.
Mike, Zoe says. Mike who? Mike Morrison, Annie says.
That's Mike Morrison, Zoe says. She is furious.
Yes, why? Annie asks.
He writes reviews for the Newport Weekly News.
Zoe says.
That's right. Annie says. His aunt is the
editor. He... oh.
She stops suddenly and looks at Zoe. The
review of Romeo and Juliet.
Right, Zoe says. Do you remember it? Zoe
Baker acts the part of Juliet's mother.
She has a pretty face and she speaks
her words well. But she is a young
girl in an older woman's costume and we all know it.
Nice face or no nice face. I hate
him. Annie laughs.
Okay, go and tell him, she says. Go
and say, I hate you, Mike Morrison.
You write stupid reviews for the newspaper. Go on.
But Zoe isn't laughing.
Yes, all right. She says furiously and she
begins to get up from her chair.
Then she stops suddenly.
What's wrong? Annie asks. Are you afraid?
No, Zoe says. I have a better idea.
Does he come into this cafe often?
Every Tuesday and Thursday evening, I think. Annie says.
He has a writing class at the college
and he comes here after it finishes.
Zoe thinks for a minute or two.
That's very interesting, she says at last. Is
it? Annie says.
She looks across at Mike Morrison, then at Zoe.
Why is it interesting? What are you thinking
of doing?
Tell me, am I a good actress? Zoe
asks. Yes, you are, Annie says.
But, okay, Zoe says. I'm a good actress
and I want to prove it to Mr.
Mike, nice face Morrison.
How do you want to do that? Annie asks.
Zoe smiles and begins to tell Annie about her idea.
Chapter 3, A Difficult Interviews
On Thursday, Mike comes to the Newport Cafe
after his writing class.
He asks for a cup of coffee, then
starts to read one of his books.
Some minutes later, a woman comes into the cafe.
She is carrying a magazine under her arm.
At first, Mike does not see the woman.
Then, she comes across to his table.
Hello, she says. Are you Mike Morrison?
Mike is surprised. Yes, he says. That's me.
The woman smiles. Can I sit at this
table? She asks.
Yes, of course, Mike says.
My name is Kate Lawson, the woman says.
I'm the editor of Yes magazine. Do you know it?
She sits down and puts the magazine on
the table in front of Mike.
Yes, I know it, Mike says. It's a
magazine about famous people.
That's right, Kate says. Do you want to
write something for it?
Can you do an interview for me?
An interview? Mike says, surprised.
Why are you asking me?
You sometimes write theater reviews for the Newport
Weekly newspaper, she says.
Is that right?
Yes, I do, he says.
I want to write plays one day and,
well, do this interview for my magazine then, she says.
It's with a famous playwright. He lives in Newport.
He lives quietly and doesn't go out very often.
And he's famous for not talking to reporters
from gossip magazines.
He throws them out of his house.
Kate laughs.
Are you afraid? She says.
Good reporters aren't afraid to do difficult interviews.
You want to write play, don't you?
Well, perhaps he can tell you something about
playwriting.
Mike thinks she's right.
Perhaps I can learn something from Todd Marin.
Okay, he says.
When can I do it?
Tomorrow morning, Kate says.
You must tell Marin this interview is for
yes magazine, but tell him after you get into the house.
Okay? Okay, Mike says.
End of side one.
Side two.
Chapter four, Todd Marin's house.
Later that evening, Zoe is speaking to Annie
on the phone.
So I say to him, I'm the editor
of yes magazine.
And can you interview Todd Marin?
Zoe tells Annie.
Todd Marin, Annie says.
But he throws gossip magazine reporters out of
his house.
I know, Zoe says laughing.
And I want to stand outside his house
and watch Todd Marin throw Mike Morrison out.
The next morning, Mike goes to Todd Marin's house.
It is a big house, and there are
lots of bushes and tall trees in front of it.
I don't like yes magazine very much, but
this is an important interview, Mike thinks.
And perhaps I can talk to Todd Marin
about my play.
Mike is writing a play for television.
He walks up to the front door of
the house.
He is carrying his notebook, and he has
a list of questions to ask the playwright.
But he is a little afraid of the
famous man.
Zoe follows Mike to Todd Marin's house.
She is careful, and she follows Mike very
quietly.
Zoe is acting the part of Kate Lawson again.
She has a black wig over her hair,
and she is wearing glasses.
She hides behind one of the bushes in
front of Todd Marin's house and watches Mike
go to the front door.
It is a big, dark house.
This is funny, she thinks, smiling.
When Todd Marin opens the door of his
house, Mike begins to talk quickly.
Hello, Mr. Marin.
He says, I'm Mike Morrison.
I'm a student at Newport College, and I
want to write plays.
Do you, Todd Marin says.
And I write reviews in the Newport Weekly
News, Mike tells him.
What do you want from me, Todd Marin asks?
Can I ask you some questions, Mike says?
Why, Marin asks?
Is it for the Newport Weekly News?
That's a difficult question.
What do I do now, Mike thinks?
Do I tell him a lie, or do
I tell him the truth?
Then, after a second or two, he says,
it's, or yes, magazine.
Listen, I know it's a stupid magazine, but
come into the house, Todd Marin says suddenly.
Chapter 5 Zoe waits.
Zoe is watching Mike and Todd Marin from
behind a bush.
She can see them, but she cannot hear them speaking.
She sees Todd Marin open the door, and
she sees Mike follow him into the house.
Zoe smiles.
Right, he's in the house, she thinks.
Now, let's wait for Todd Marin to throw
him out.
Todd Marin takes Mike to his study.
There are hundreds of books in the room,
and a big desk.
Todd goes and sits behind the desk.
Thank you for telling me the truth.
He says to Mike, I can see you're
an honest young man.
You can ask your questions, but not for
yes, magazine.
You're right.
It is a stupid magazine.
I hate gossip magazines.
Why do people write for them?
Because they pay a lot of money, I
believe, Mike says.
Todd Marin laughs.
Yes, you're right again, he says.
But you can write about me for the
Newport Weekly News.
Is that okay?
Yes, that's okay, Mike says, and he smiles
at Todd Marin happily.
I like to help young writers with ideas
when I can.
Todd says kindly.
Sit down.
Mike sits down, puts his notebook on Todd's
desk and opens it.
I read your reviews in the newspaper sometimes,
Todd says.
They're very good.
Well, I think they're okay, Mike says.
But I want to write for the theater
or TV and for movies.
I'm writing a play now.
Are you?
Tell me about it, Todd said.
Can I?
Mike asks, well, it's about a boy and
a girl.
A boy and a girl?
That's right.
They...
Todd Marin sits back in his chair to
listen, and Mike tells him the plot of
his play.
Mike is very nervous, but Todd Marin does
not speak.
He smiles at Mike, and he listens to
him very carefully.
When at last, Mike stops speaking.
Todd says, thank you.
That's very interesting.
It's a good story, and it's funny, too.
But there are one or two things you
can do to make it better.
To begin with,
Zoe stays behind the bush and waits.
An hour goes by and nothing happens.
She is getting impatient.
What are they doing in there, she thinks?
Todd Marin never gives interviews to gossip magazines.
So what are they talking about?
She remembers Mike Morrison's review of Romeo and
Juliet in the newspaper.
She remembers his words about her acting,
and she wants to see his face when
Todd Marin throws him out of the house.
How long must I wait?
She thinks impatiently.
Chapter 6
Telling the Truth
After an hour and a half,
Mike Morrison leaves Todd Marin's study and comes
out of the house.
He and the playwright are smiling, and Mike
is saying, thank you.
They talk for two or three minutes,
and Zoe watches them from behind the bush.
She is amazed.
What's happening, she thinks?
Why are they so friendly?
After a minute or two more, they shake
hands.
Then Todd Marin goes back into the house,
and Mike Morrison walks away.
Mike sees Kate Lawson waiting for him.
Oh, hello?
He says nervously.
He is surprised to see her so soon.
Are you waiting for me?
Yes, she says impatiently.
I'm waiting for your interview.
Look, I can't lie to you, he replies.
There's no interview or yes magazine.
Mr. Marin always refuses to talk to reporters
from gossip magazine.
But what Kate begins?
What can two people talk about for an
hour and a half?
Mike says laughing.
About writing, about characters, and about plot.
Nothing for yes magazine, I'm afraid.
Oh, I have my list of questions and
Mr. Marin's answers.
But my interview is for the Newport Weekly
News.
And I know a lot more about writing
plays now.
He's very interested in my play.
Your play?
Kate says furiously.
Yes, I'm writing a play for TV, Mike
says.
And Mr. Marin wants to read it.
He can help me with the characters and
the plot.
Well, that's nice, she says.
Say hello to Mike Morrison, the famous playwright.
He writes stupid reviews for the Newport Weekly
News,
but his plays are okay.
You're angry, Mike says.
Listen, I'm sorry about the interview for yes.
Kate laughs.
No, it's okay, she says.
I'm not angry.
And then she does something very strange.
She takes off her hair.
She's wearing a wig, Mike thinks, amazed.
Next, she takes off her glasses and she
smiles at Mike.
And now he knows her.
He begins to laugh.
You're not Kate Lawson, he says.
That's right, Zoe says.
I'm a 17-year-old girl in an
older woman's costume.
Mr. Mike Morrison, review writer for the Newport
Weekly News.
Mike's face is very red now.
He feels embarrassed.
What a trick.
So there is no Kate Lawson editor of
Yes magazine, he says.
No, there isn't, Zoe says, laughing.
What do you think now?
Does this prove something?
Am I a good actress?
Yes, you are a good actress.
Mike says, laughing with her.
And I'm going to put that in the
Newport Weekly News.
Are you?
Zoe says, yes.
And thanks for making me go and see
Todd Marin, Mike tells her.
He doesn't feel embarrassed anymore.
Now I can get help with my play,
he says.
Come on, let's get a cup of coffee
and I'm paying.
Well, I can't refuse a free coffee, Zoe
says, and she laughs.
End of side two.